(GH-297) Don't allow git refs with forward slashes (#299)
puppetlabs/puppetlabs_spec_helper: README.md

 * `target` - the directory name to clone the repo into ie. `target: mymodule`  defaults to the repo name  (Optional)
 * `subdir` - directory to be removed from the cloned repo. Its contents will be moved to the root directory (Optional)

>  * `ref` - used to specify the tag name like version hash of commit (Optional). Branch names should use the `branch` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `ref` - used to specify the tag name (like version) or commit hash to be checked out (Optional). Branch names should use the `branch` option instead.
```

Author: Fixed
